Fort Kent, Maine Weather Update Sunday, July 27, 2025
More weather information at https://apexwx.github.io/

3-Day Outlook: Today - Tuesday

High pressure over Québec this morning will bring mostly sunny skies to Fort Kent today with highs in the upper 70s and light northwest winds. High pressure will cross the region today, begin to move southeast tonight, then exit southeast of Nova Scotia Sunday. Mostly clear skies remain across the Valley tonight with lows in the middle 50s and light winds. Some smoke/haze may move into the region tonight into Sunday.

Southwest flow on the backside of the high pressure ridge will produce mostly sunny and hot conditions Sunday with highs in the upper 80s. Southwest winds 5-10 mph may gust to around 20 mph at times. A weak upper trough moving through produces a slight chance of afternoon showers/thunderstorms. For Sunday night, a slight chance of evening showers/thunderstorms is followed by partly cloudy skies overnight into Monday. Lows fall into the middle60s with light west winds.

Monday, high pressure at the surface and aloft will bring mostly sunny skies and temperatures in the middle 80s for Fort Kent and surrounding communities. Another weak disturbance brings a chance of showers Monday evening into Tuesday morning with overnight lows in the lower 60s. Light southwest winds are expected.

Daily Forecast

Today: Sunny, with a high near 80. Northwest wind around 6 mph.

Tonight: Mostly clear, with a low around 56. Light and variable wind.

Sunday: Mostly sunny and hot, with a high near 88. Southwest wind 6 to 10 mph, with gusts as high as 20 mph.

Sunday Night: A slight chance of showers and thunderstorms before 11pm, then a slight chance of showers between 11pm and 2am. Partly cloudy, with a low around 64. West wind 3 to 6 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.

Monday: Sunny, with a high near 85. Northwest wind around 6 mph.

Monday Night: A chance of showers, mainly after 11pm. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 62. Calm wind. Chance of precipitation is 30%.

---      
Notice
Weather information compiled by Apex Wx is based on computer weather models, personal weather station data, and information from NOAA, the National Weather Service, and other weather data providers available at time of update and may not reflect current conditions or later forecast updates. Visit NWS Caribou at https://www.weather.gov/car/ for the latest official watches, warnings, and advisories for northern Maine.