Weather Update for Lancaster, Pennsylvania Sunday, July 27, 2025
More weather information at https://apexwx.github.io/Fawkes

3-Day Outlook: Today - Tuesday

The front situated to the south and west will lift back north as a warm front today, ahead of a weak cold front that will pass through tonight. High pressure returns for Monday and Tuesday, before another cold front passes through Wednesday into Thursday. High pressure returns for Friday into next weekend.

Mostly cloudy skies with showers and thunderstorms likely this afternoon. The high tops out around 87 with west/southwest winds 5-6 mph across the area. Isolated strong to severe thunderstorms with gusty winds and very heavy rainfall are possible this afternoon. The heavy rain may lead to localized flooding. Rainfall totals in the 1/4 to 1/2-inch range with higher totals possible in storms. Tonight, a sight chance of evening showers/thunderstorms, then becoming partly cloudy to mostly clear with a low around 72. West/northwest wind 0-5 mph. Rainfall totals in the 1/10 to 1/4-inch range with higher totals possible in storms.

High pressure builds in to the region Monday with sunny skies and hot, humid conditions with highs in the low 90s. Northwest wind 0-5 mph expected. Tomorrow night, mostly clear with lows in the lower 70s and near calm winds.

Tuesday features another sunny, hot, and humid day with a high in the low 90s. West/northwest wind 0-5 mph. Tuesday night mostly clear with lows in the middle 70s and west winds 0-7 mph. 

Daily Forecast

Today: Showers and thunderstorms likely, then showers and possibly a thunderstorm after 3pm. High near 89. West wind around 6 mph. Chance of precipitation is 80%. New rainfall amounts between a quarter and half of an inch possible.

Tonight: Showers and thunderstorms, mainly before 8pm. Low around 73. Light and variable wind. Chance of precipitation is 80%. New precipitation amounts between a tenth and quarter of an inch, except higher amounts possible in thunderstorms.

Monday: Sunny and hot, with a high near 94. Heat index values as high as 101. Northwest wind 3 to 5 mph.

Monday Night: Mostly clear, with a low around 72. Calm wind.

Tuesday: Sunny and hot, with a high near 95. Light northwest wind.

Tuesday Night: Mostly clear, with a low around 74.

---
𝐍𝐨𝐭𝐢𝐜𝐞
Weather information compiled by Apex Wx is based on computer weather models, personal weather station data, and information from NOAA, the National Weather Service, and other weather data providers available at time of update and may not reflect current conditions or later forecast updates. Visit NWS State College at https://www.weather.gov/ctp/ for the latest official watches, warnings, and advisories for Lancaster, PA and vicinity.