Fort Kent, Maine Weather Update Tuesday, May 28, 2024
More weather information at https://apexwx.github.io/

3-Day Outlook: Tue. May 28 - Thu. May 30

Steadier rain tapers to showers this morning with showers and isolated thunderstorms likel as an occluded front moves through in the afternoon. Between 1/10 to 1/4-inch or so of additional rainfall is possible today. A chance of showers remains possible overnight into Wednesday morning with less than 1/10-inch additional rainfall anticipated. Highs top out near the middle 70s today with lows tonight in the lower 50s.

A secondary cold front ahead of an upper level trough moves through Wednesday with a chance of showers Wednesday morning. Little additional rainfall is expected to occur Wednesday. Partly cloudy skies to mostly clear skies are expected Wednesday night. Highs Wednesday look to be near the middle 60s with overnight lows falling into the lower 40s as northwest flow continues across the region.
For Thursday, mostly sunny skies are expected as high pressure over the Great Lakes spreads east. Partly cloudy skies are expected Thursday night with only a very slight chance for precipitation. High are expected in the middle 60s Thursday with overnight temperatures in the lower 40s.

Daily Summary

Today: Scattered showers, then showers likely and possibly a thunderstorm after 3pm. Cloudy, with a high near 74. South wind around 11 mph, with gusts as high as 22 mph. Chance of precipitation is 70%. New rainfall amounts between a tenth and quarter of an inch, except higher amounts possible in thunderstorms.

Tonight: Showers likely and possibly a thunderstorm before 5am, then scattered showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 51. Southwest wind 5 to 7 mph. Chance of precipitation is 60%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch, except higher amounts possible in thunderstorms.

Wednesday: A chance of showers, mainly before 1pm. Partly sunny, with a high near 64. Northwest wind around 11 mph, with gusts as high as 22 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%.

Wednesday Night: Partly cloudy, with a low around 40. Northwest wind around 6 mph.

Thursday: Mostly sunny, with a high near 66. Northwest wind 6 to 9 mph.

Thursday Night: Partly cloudy, with a low around 40. Northwest wind 3 to 6 mph.

-----------------------------------------------
      
Notice
Weather information compiled by Apex Wx is based on computer weather models, personal weather station data, and information from NOAA, the National Weather Service, and other weather data providers available at time of update and may not reflect current conditions or later forecast updates. Visit NWS Caribou at https://www.weather.gov/car/ for the latest official watches, warnings, and advisories for northern Maine.