Fort Kent, Maine Weather Update Saturday, June 7, 2025
More weather information at https://apexwx.github.io/

3-Day Outlook: Sat. June 7 - Mon. June 9

A stalled front along coastal Maine with a wave of low pressure moving along it will bring a chance of showers to the Fort Kent area this Saturday. Smoke will also be an issue with an air quality advisory in effect until 11 pm tonight. A weakening cold front will approach this afternoon bringing a slight chance of thunderstorms to the Valley as it moves through. Once it clears the area, clouds will diminish as high pressure in Québec builds in with mostly clear skies overnight. Highs today reach the low 70s with overnight lows in the upper 40s.

Mostly clear skies this morning becoming increasingly cloudy later today as the stalled front lifts back north as a warm front. Tonight, low pressure tracks from near Lake Ontario towards western Maine bringing  increasing chance of rain by Saturday morning. Temperatures peak in the low 80s today and fall into the mid-50s tonight.

Sunday, high pressure moves builds from the west bringing mostly sunny skies to the SJV. High pressure crests over the region Sunday evening then moves east into the Maritimes Sunday night. Partly cloudy skies develop Sunday night for Fort Kent and vicinity. Highs in the middle 70s with lows in the mid-to-upper 40s are anticipated.

Partly cloudy to mostly sunny skies are expected Monday with highs reaching the middle 70s. Monday night will see an increase in cloud covers as a cold front approaches from the west with a slight chance of showers after midnight. Highs in the mid-70s with overnight temperatures in the low 50s are expected.

3-Day Forecast Summary

Today: Showers and thunderstorms likely, mainly before 2pm. Widespread smoke. Patchy fog before 10am. Otherwise, mostly cloudy, with a high near 72. Calm wind becoming north around 6 mph in the afternoon. Chance of precipitation is 60%. New rainfall amounts between a tenth and quarter of an inch, except higher amounts possible in thunderstorms.

Tonight: Widespread smoke before 11pm. Mostly cloudy, then gradually becoming mostly clear, with a low around 48. Light north wind.

Sunday: Sunny, with a high near 76. North wind 5 to 8 mph.

Sunday Night: Partly cloudy, with a low around 47. Calm wind.

Monday: Mostly sunny, with a high near 75. South wind 5 to 10 mph, with gusts as high as 20 mph.

Monday Night: Mostly cloudy, with a low around 53. Southeast wind around 6 mph.

---      
Notice
Weather information compiled by Apex Wx is based on computer weather models, personal weather station data, and information from NOAA, the National Weather Service, and other weather data providers available at time of update and may not reflect current conditions or later forecast updates. Visit NWS Caribou at https://www.weather.gov/car/ for the latest official watches, warnings, and advisories for northern Maine.