Weather Update for Lancaster, Pennsylvania Saturday, June 7, 2025

More weather information at https://apexwx.github.io/Fawkes

3-Day Outlook: Sat. June 7 - Mon. June 9

A cold front slowly works its way across the region today, and then weak low pressure passes through the region this evening. Weak high pressure builds in from the north tonight, then lifts north of the area Sunday as another area of low pressure passes through from the south Sunday night through Monday morning. Another cold front passes through the region Tuesday through Tuesday night. High pressure returns for Wednesday and Thursday.

For today, expecting cloudy skies this morning with partly sunny skies this afternoon with a chance of showers and scattered thunderstorms this afternoon. Mostly cloudy skies are expected tonight into Sunday morning. Highs in the upper 70s today with lows in the lower 60s tonight.

Sunday will be a wet day, but there is some uncertainty about exactly where the heaviest rain will fall. Some models suggest the most rain will hit the southern and southeastern areas, while others show it staying a bit farther west. Either way, there is a high chance of rain and possibly a few thunderstorms for the southern and eastern parts of the region on Sunday and into the evening. Showers and thunderstorms taper off Sunday night as high pressure noses in from the north.

Monday should stay mostly dry during the day, but a weather system moving through the Great Lakes and Ohio Valley could bring some changes. A few showers or thunderstorms may pop up in the afternoon or evening, but most of the rain is expected to hold off until late Monday night—mainly affecting areas in the far west. 

3-Day Forecast Summary

Today: Showers and thunderstorms before 2pm, then showers likely and possibly a thunderstorm between 2pm and 5pm, then a chance of showers and thunderstorms after 5pm. High near 79. Northwest wind 3 to 6 mph. Chance of precipitation is 80%. New rainfall amounts between a tenth and quarter of an inch, except higher amounts possible in thunderstorms.

Tonight: A chance of showers and thunderstorms before 8pm. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 62. North wind 3 to 5 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch, except higher amounts possible in thunderstorms.

Sunday: A slight chance of showers, then showers likely and possibly a thunderstorm after 2pm. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 77. Southeast wind 5 to 8 mph. Chance of precipitation is 60%. New rainfall amounts of less than a tenth of an inch, except higher amounts possible in thunderstorms.

Sunday Night: Showers likely and possibly a thunderstorm before 2am, then a chance of showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 62. East wind 6 to 9 mph, with gusts as high as 22 mph. Chance of precipitation is 60%. New rainfall amounts of less than a tenth of an inch, except higher amounts possible in thunderstorms.

Monday: A chance of showers, with thunderstorms also possible after 2pm. Partly sunny, with a high near 80. East wind around 6 mph becoming south in the afternoon. Chance of precipitation is 40%. New rainfall amounts of less than a tenth of an inch, except higher amounts possible in thunderstorms.

Monday Night: A chance of showers and thunderstorms, then showers and possibly a thunderstorm after 8pm. Low around 65. Chance of precipitation is 80%. New rainfall amounts between a tenth and quarter of an inch, except higher amounts possible in thunderstorms.

---
𝐍𝐨𝐭𝐢𝐜𝐞
Weather information compiled by Apex Wx is based on computer weather models, personal weather station data, and information from NOAA, the National Weather Service, and other weather data providers available at time of update and may not reflect current conditions or later forecast updates. Visit NWS State College at https://www.weather.gov/ctp/ for the latest official watches, warnings, and advisories for Lancaster, PA and vicinity.